Quotes Compiled - Alan Watts

Philosopher (1915 - 1973)


"Life is not a problem to be solved, but an experience to be had."
/ Alan Watts /


"The whole history of Western Civilisation has been an attempt to discover how the creator created the universe."
/ Alan Watts /


"The meaning of life is just to be alive. It is so plain and so obvious and so simple. And yet, everybody rushes around in a great panic as if it were necessary to achieve something beyond themselves."
-- Alan W. Watts


"Life is like music for its own sake. We are living in an eternal now, and when we listen to music we are not listening to the past, we are not listening to the future, we are listening to an expanded present."
-- Alan Watts


"I had a discussion with a great master in Japan, and we were talking about the various people who are wokring to translate the Zen books into English, and he said,
:
"That's a waste of time. If you really understand Zen, you can use the Bible. You could use Alice in Wonderland. You could use the dictionary, because the sound of the rain needs no translation."
/ Alan Watts /


Muddy Water is best cleared by leaving it alone.
~~ Alan Watts


"Alan Watts (1915-1973) who held both a master's degree in theology and a doctorate of divinity, is best known as an interpreter of Zen Buddhism in particular, and Indian and Chinese philosophy in general. He authored more than 20 excellent books on the philosophy and psychology of religion, and lectured extensively, leaving behind a vast audio archive. With characteristic lucidity and humor Watts unravels the most obscure ontological and epistemological knots with the greatest of ease."


YT
{
It Will Give You Goosebumps - Alan Watts on The Proper Way of Living
168,111 viewsAug 15, 2021
Intellectual Wave
76.6K subscribers
8m50
https://youtu.be/HitOU27liRY


Alan Watts ~ The Story of the Chinese Farmer
957,268 views, Nov 19, 2016
Wiara
183K subscribers
2m11
https://youtu.be/byQrdnq7_H0
}
